---
layout: post
title: Farewell 
imageUrl: ../assets/images/banner/we-are-thoughtram.jpg
date: 2024-02-13
summary: >-
  thoughtram says goodbye.  
categories:
  - announcements
author: pascal_precht
---

**To our friends, clients and everyone else we've had the chance to collaborate with.**

If you've been following thoughtram closely over the years, you might have noticed that we've become very quiet.
So it shouldn't be a surprise to you that today, we're announcing that thoughtram is shutting down and closing its doors.

Almost [ten years ago](/announcements/2014/06/06/we-are-thoughtram.html) we've introduced ourselves to the world and our mission to travel across the globe and help people in levelling up their engineering skills with various technologies. Starting with our very first [Git Master Class](/announcements/2014/06/23/announcing-our-first-workshop.html), followed by organizing [local developer meetups](/announcements/meetups/2014/06/24/organizing-hannovers-first-rust-meetup.html) and later countless training sessions to [master Angular](/announcements/2016/08/30/announcing-angular-2-master-class-in-nyc.html), which were then extended with [more advanced classes](/announcements/2018/04/12/rxjs-master-class-and-courseware-updates.html).

We are extremely grateful that we've had the opportunity to see the world, learn about different cultures, meet many amazing people of which a lot became our friends, and ultimately experience a journey that has shaped us as humans, for the better. And all of this, thanks to you. Thanks to everyone who helped making our events happen, whether you've helped organizing one or travelled the long way to be part of the experience. Thanks to everyone who's cheered us on. Thanks to everyone that we had the pleasure to learn from. Thanks to everyone who joined the squad to help others levelling up.

**You know who you are.**

We proudly look back at many years of fun and challenges, and we take these memories along with us as we're continuing to explore new paths in our lifes and hopefully grow further. 

It's been an amazing ride, but now it's time to say _so long, and thanks for all the fish_.




